docs(css): Add details about subgrid to Grid Learn article (#28983)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/css/css_layout/grids/index.md

We've added `subgrid` to use the tracks of the parent's columns, but added a different layout for rows of the nested grid.

```css hidden live-sample___subgrid
body {
  width: 90%;
  max-width: 900px;
  margin: 2em auto;
  font:
    0.9em/1.2 Arial,
    Helvetica,
    sans-serif;
}

.container div {
  border-radius: 5px;
  padding: 10px;
  background-color: rgb(207, 232, 220);
  border: 2px solid rgb(79, 185, 227);
}
```

```html live-sample___subgrid
<div class="container">
  <div>One</div>
  <div>Two</div>
  <div>Three</div>
  <div>Four</div>
  <div id="subgrid">
    <div>Five</div>
    <div>Six</div>
    <div>Seven</div>
    <div>Eight</div>
  </div>
  <div>Nine</div>
  <div>Ten</div>
</div>
```

```css live-sample___subgrid
.container {
  display: grid;
  grid-template-columns: repeat(4, 1fr);
  grid-template-rows: repeat(1fr);
  gap: 10px;
}

#subgrid {
  grid-column: 1 / 4;
  grid-row: 2 / 4;
  display: grid;
  gap: inherit;
  grid-template-columns: subgrid;
  grid-template-rows: 2fr 1fr;
}
```

{{ EmbedLiveSample('subgrid', '100%', 300) }}

## Grid frameworks in CSS Grid

> There are many grid frameworks available that provide a 12 or 16-column grid to help lay out your content.
> The good news is that you probably don't need any third-party frameworks to help you build grid-based layouts — it's already in the spec and supported in most modern browsers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Numerous grid frameworks are available, offering a 12 or 16-column grid, to help with laying out your content.
The good news is that you probably won't need any third-party frameworks to help you create grid-based layouts — grid functionality is already included in the specification and is supported by most modern browsers.
```

## See also

> - [CSS Grid guides](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_grid_layout#guides)
> - [Subgrid](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_grid_layout/Subgrid)
> - [CSS Grid Inspector: Examine grid layouts](https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/devtools-user/page_inspector/how_to/examine_grid_layouts/index.html)
> - [CSS-Tricks Guide to Grid](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/complete-guide-grid/) — an article explaining everything about Grid in a visually appealing way
> - [Grid Garden](https://cssgridgarden.com/) — an educational game to learn and better understand the basics of Grid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A [list of guides](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_grid_layout#guides) related to the CSS grid layout
- [Subgrid](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_grid_layout/Subgrid) guide
- [CSS grid inspector: Examine grid layouts](https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/devtools-user/page_inspector/how_to/examine_grid_layouts/index.html) on firefox-source-docs
- [A complete guide to CSS grid](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/complete-guide-grid/), a visual guide on CSS-Tricks (2023)
- [Grid Garden](https://cssgridgarden.com/), an educational game to learn and better understand the basics of grid  on cssgridgarden.com
```
